Warn users about migrating to 9.4 from dotenv (#12859)
zeit/next.js: docs/basic-features/environment-variables.md

- Trying to destructure `process.env` variables won't work due to the limitations of webpack's [DefinePlugin](https://webpack.js.org/plugins/define-plugin/).
- To avoid exposing secrets, do not use the `NEXT_PUBLIC_` prefix for them. Instead, [expose the variables using `.env`](#exposing-environment-variables).

> - If you are migrating from the `dotenv` npm package, remove this package first, otherwise you'll be debugging why your variables are showing up as `undefined`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You cannot have `dotenv` installed in your project, as this will cause Next.js to disable the auto-loading of the environment variables. Look for and uninstall this package if your variables are showing us as `undefined`.
```

Author: Thanks @Timer!
